# Last Updated 25 February 2023

## This mobile app is created and hosted by Restrapp, an independant company that develops and maintains mobile apps for restaurants.

### Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, the mobile app may
require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information, including but not limited to name, device information.
Additionally, because this is a restaurant ordering application,
payment information will be collected. This is done through a third
party payment processor, Stripe. The information that is collected is
used to provide and improve the Service. The information will not be
used or shared with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.

### Log Data

In a case of an error in the app we may collect data and information
(through third party products such as Google Analytics and AWS)
related to the error in order to improve the overall app experience.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet
Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
configuration of the app when utilizing the mobile app, the time and
date of your use of the app, and other statistics.

### Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used
as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from
the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal
memory. This mobile app does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use
“cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have
the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our
cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this mobile app.

### Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we
are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children’s Privacy

This mobile app does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided
us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our
servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at
zyadprofessional@gmail.com so that our executives will be able to do
necessary actions.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this
page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do
not hesitate to contact us at zyadprofessional@gmail.com.

Your use of this mobile app and any dispute arising out of such use of
the mobile app is subject to the laws of the United States of America.
